README.md, before:

# axelmy-projects-showcase 👋

A ReactJS website to showcase most of the development projects I made along the way


## Why ? 🤔

I needed a way to document my node packages, so that users would have access to code examples and documentation.

By expanding the scope of the project, it now also serves as my portfolio.


## Check it out 😄
https://axelmy-projects-showcase.firebaseapp.com/


## Main stuff used in the project 🔨

- ReactJS + Redux
- Firebase for hosting
- react-syntax-highlighter + prism.js to show the examples code
- The github API to display the code snippets
- and a few of my own packages
    - react-readme-printer to display the README files of the projects automatically
    - react-github-scraper to display github sidebar on the right and create the commits page
    


## Screenshots 👀
![screenshot1](https://i.imgur.com/F8dFfvk.png)

![screenshot2](https://i.imgur.com/TYWNRLR.png)

![screenshot3](https://i.imgur.com/rWi5z58.png)

![screenshot4](https://i.imgur.com/I9oO0lh.png)

Commit message:

Created a ShieldImage to display the shields easily

README.md, after:

# axelmy-projects-showcase 👋

A ReactJS website to showcase most of the development projects I made along the way


## Why ? 🤔

I needed a way to document my node packages, so that users would have access to code examples and documentation.

By expanding the scope of the project, it now also serves as my portfolio.


## Check it out 😄
https://axelmy-projects-showcase.firebaseapp.com/


## Main stuff used in the project 🔨

- ReactJS + Redux
- Firebase for hosting
- react-syntax-highlighter + prism.js to show the examples code
- The github API to display the code snippets
- The [shields.io](https://shields.io) API to display the badges on the README pages
- and a few of my own packages
    - react-readme-printer to display the README files of the projects automatically
    - react-github-scraper to display github sidebar on the right and create the commits page
    


## Screenshots 👀
![screenshot1](https://i.imgur.com/F8dFfvk.png)

![screenshot2](https://i.imgur.com/TYWNRLR.png)

![screenshot3](https://i.imgur.com/rWi5z58.png)

![screenshot4](https://i.imgur.com/I9oO0lh.png)
